_sidebar.md, before:

<!-- docs/_sidebar.md -->

* [Home](./)

* [Waterfall](./waterfall/waterfall.md)

* [Agile](./agile/index.md)
  - [How was born](./agile/how-was-born.md)
  - [Manifesto explained](./agile/manifesto.md)
  - [Principles](./agile/principles.md)
  - [Agile Litmus Test](./agile/agile-test.md)
  - [What Agile is not?](./agile/is-not-agile.md)
  - [Waterfall vs Agile](./agile/vs-waterfall.md)
  - [Advantages & Disadvantages](./agile/pros-cons.md)
  - [Key concepts](./agile/key-concepts.md)
    - [User story](./agile/user-story.md)
      - [Examples](./agile/user-story-example.md)
    - [Epic](./agile/epic.md)
    -[Initiatives](./agile/initiatives.md)
    -[Themes](./agile/themes.md)
    -[Relationship between key concepts](./agile/relationship.md)
    -[Product backlog](./agile/product_backlog.md)
    -[Vision](./agile/vision.md)
  -[Burn down chart](./agile/burnchart.md)
  -[Minimum Viable Product](./agile/mvp.md)
  -[Velocity](./agile/velocity.md)
  -[Estimation](./agile/estimation.md)
  -[Planning poker](./agile/planning-poker.md)

* [Scrum](./scrum/intro.md)
  - [3 pillars](./scrum/pillars.md)
  - [Scrum team](./scrum/scrum-team.md)
    - [Product owner](./scrum/product-owner.md)
    - [Development team](./scrum/development-team.md)
    - [Scrum master](./scrum/scrum-master.md)
  - [Sprint events](./scrum/scrum-events.md)
    - [Sprint](./scrum/sprint.md)
    - [Sprint planning](./scrum/sprint-planning.md)
    - [Daily Scrum](./scrum/daily-scrum.md)
    - [Sprint Review](./scrum/sprint-review.md)
    - [Sprint retrospective](./scrum/sprint-retrospective.md)
  - [Artifacts](./scrum/artifacts.md)
    - [Product backlog](./scrum/product-backlog.md)
    - [Sprint backlog](./scrum/sprint-backlog.md)
    - [Increment](./scrum/increment.md)
  - [Advantages and disadvantages](./scrum/pros-cons.md)

* [Resources](./resources/index.md)
  - [Top Scrum Interview Questions](./resources/top-questions.md)

* [Glossary](./_glossary.md)

* [About](./about/index)

* [Contact](./contact/index)

Commit message:

Add initial documentation fro Kanban

_sidebar.md, after:

<!-- docs/_sidebar.md -->

* [Home](./)

* [Waterfall](./waterfall/waterfall.md)

* [Agile](./agile/index.md)
  - [How was born](./agile/how-was-born.md)
  - [Manifesto explained](./agile/manifesto.md)
  - [Principles](./agile/principles.md)
  - [Agile Litmus Test](./agile/agile-test.md)
  - [What Agile is not?](./agile/is-not-agile.md)
  - [Waterfall vs Agile](./agile/vs-waterfall.md)
  - [Advantages & Disadvantages](./agile/pros-cons.md)
  - [Key concepts](./agile/key-concepts.md)
    - [User story](./agile/user-story.md)
      - [Examples](./agile/user-story-example.md)
    - [Epic](./agile/epic.md)
    -[Initiatives](./agile/initiatives.md)
    -[Themes](./agile/themes.md)
    -[Relationship between key concepts](./agile/relationship.md)
    -[Product backlog](./agile/product_backlog.md)
    -[Vision](./agile/vision.md)
  -[Burn down chart](./agile/burnchart.md)
  -[Minimum Viable Product](./agile/mvp.md)
  -[Velocity](./agile/velocity.md)
  -[Estimation](./agile/estimation.md)
  -[Planning poker](./agile/planning-poker.md)

* [Scrum](./scrum/intro.md)
  - [3 pillars](./scrum/pillars.md)
  - [Scrum team](./scrum/scrum-team.md)
    - [Product owner](./scrum/product-owner.md)
    - [Development team](./scrum/development-team.md)
    - [Scrum master](./scrum/scrum-master.md)
  - [Sprint events](./scrum/scrum-events.md)
    - [Sprint](./scrum/sprint.md)
    - [Sprint planning](./scrum/sprint-planning.md)
    - [Daily Scrum](./scrum/daily-scrum.md)
    - [Sprint Review](./scrum/sprint-review.md)
    - [Sprint retrospective](./scrum/sprint-retrospective.md)
  - [Artifacts](./scrum/artifacts.md)
    - [Product backlog](./scrum/product-backlog.md)
    - [Sprint backlog](./scrum/sprint-backlog.md)
    - [Increment](./scrum/increment.md)
  - [Advantages and disadvantages](./scrum/pros-cons.md)

* [Kanban](./kanban/index.md)
  - [Kanban board](./kanban/kanban-board.md)
  - [Finding inefficiencies/issues in the process](./kanban/process-inefficiencies.md)

* [Resources](./resources/index.md)
  - [Top Scrum Interview Questions](./resources/top-questions.md)

* [Glossary](./_glossary.md)

* [About](./about/index)

* [Contact](./contact/index)
